here is a tasty dish we have our caramel
candy apple with peanut crumble stay
tuned if you're interested enjoy here i
have my apples and i'm using some granny
smith apples and some no-name apples and
now we're going to go ahead and wash
your apples and peel off the tank
alright so I'm just going to wash my
Apple you can use a little bit so if you
want and the one go that's cut tags I'm
just going to go ahead and peel them off
alright so I go ahead and remove the
stems of the Apple and what I do is I
just turn just keep turning them and
they'll come out eventually and if one
breaks in just use your knife and just
take it out alright so here i have a few
little sticks that i got from my local
dollar stores and if you if you can get
skewer sticks the wooden skewer sticks
or popsicle sticks that'd be great but
these are what i found so we're going to
utilize them anyways it's going to take
my stick and then you want to try to get
this as far down into your Apple as the
King go it's going to keep pushing it
down so after I've inserted my sticks in
each of my apples we're going to go
ahead to the next step alright so here I
have a pot of boiling water and I'm just
going to dip each of my apples in here
for about just a couple seconds and what
this does is remove the wax so that the
candy and the caramel can stick on the
Apple much easier reading slide off so
you want to do this with each of your
apples okay so in your pan you want to
bring together one cup of sugar half a
cup of cornstarch have a cup of butter
not margarine butter works better half a
cup of sweetened milk or condensed milk
you want to bring this to a boil now and
then you just want to continuously stir
this all right so you want to keep
stirring this as you can see is getting
nice and thick you don't want to walk
away for a second because even walking
me 45 minutes is enough it is to burn
you see the more you stir and the more
it cooks the more lighter it becomes
because you're starting to cook the
syrup now you want to be sure you scrape
the side this will prevent it from
burning also and they just want to keep
stirring that so don't move away from
the stove you can keep stirring you can
turn your stove down just a little bit
you just want to boil this enough so you
see the more I boil the thicker it
becomes so caramels looking really good
right now ok so here I have one of my
thermometers my cooking thermometer and
I'm waiting for it to get up to a little
bit so waiting for it to get above 190
you needed to go to about 250 Fahrenheit
which is about 10 minutes cooking time
so you want to cook this down for 10
minutes before you know it's ready okay
so it's been pretty much 10 minutes and
now i'm going to go ahead and add 2
teaspoons of vanilla extract to this and
this is just for that added flavor it
looking really good so here I have some
wax paper that I got from my local
supermarket or dollar store and I'm
going to go ahead and grease this if you
have any grease pray you can put that on
there and this is so that the caramel
and your candy apple don't stick alright
so caramel is nice and ready and see
once you touch it it automatically turns
nice and sticky on to your fingers so
with each of our apples now what you
want to do now is go ahead and dip
slowly roll that it's up to you roll it
just keep on rolling and then you just
let it drip off the excess and then you
just add it to your wax paper right here
alright so once again you dip and then
you roll you roll your up when you just
call it in that nice caramel and they
just keep on spinning and let the excess
drip off and then if you want to spice
it up a little bit here I have a little
bit of peanut and they just want to
slowly roll your apple into this if you
want to slowly do that and then you want
to add your Apple here onto your wax
paper and let it dry art so you want to
do this for as many apples as you want
you just continue to do this and then
after that's pretty much it you're done
all your caramel apples after they've
cooled down you can go ahead and pretty
much enjoy them or and if you have any
excess that's left you could pour it out
on your wax paper and leave it to dry
and then it'll turn into a nice caramel
candy that you can cut up later and then
put in some plastic wrap and then eat it
is candy if you're going to ensure that
all right so here is our candy apples
all finish and they look delicious this
is super either makes it go ahead and
try it out guys so I'll see for the next
dish thanks for watching bye